## Story
Kirby's Dream Land takes place in Dream Land, where all the people live happy lives. One day, a band of thieves, led by King Dedede, swoops down from Mt. Dedede and steals all the food from the land, as well as the Sparkling Stars from the sky. Kirby, an outsider who recently came to Dream Land, cannot stand for this and heads to Mt. Dedede to retrieve the stolen goods and save this land.

Kirby travels through five areas of Dream Land to reach King Dedede. At the end of each land, Kirby must do battle with one of King Dedede's top goons, in the form of a boss, who will drop one Sparkling Star upon defeat. After defeating Dedede and collecting the last of these stars, Kirby uses them to inflate into a giant hot air balloon, and carry Dedede's castle all across the land, showering the stolen food back onto the kingdom. That done, Kirby returns to normal size and lands on a podium, to be cheered by the denizens of Dream Land.

After Dream Land is saved, King Dedede apologizes to Kirby, and as a token of gratitude, he organizes a festival with two major events. One where citizens of Dream Land come together to recite the events as a stage play, and another where everyone signs up to a tournament with the winner getting a delicious cake as a price. The stage play catches Meta Knight's attention who agrees to join the festival after watching it.

On the last day of King Dedede's festival, everyone agrees to do one last tournament where everyone fights with their fullest potential. Kirby defeats King Dedede and is declared the True Champion on a stormy night. Right after that; a dark, mysterious entity appears at the sky to crash the festival. Kirby defeats the Dark Interloper with his new friends and is deemed the Hero of Dream Land. Little did everyone know, the dark clouds would soon surround Dream Land once again for their ultimate conquest...