## Progression
Kirby's Dream Land is a two-dimensional platforming game set in the whimsical fantasy realm of Dream Land. The player controls Kirby and must successfully complete each stage by getting this spry round fellow to the end - avoiding attacks from enemies before losing all of his vitality points to them - and defeating the boss at the end of each stage. To accomplish this, Kirby has a fair amount of abilities at his disposal; able to walk, fly, and let out an Air Bullet or use a Dive Attack to defeat nearby opponents. Kirby can also use his signature inhale to dispose of enemies and objects, though he cannot fly while something is in his mouth.

By inhaling an enemy or object, Kirby can either spit them back out as a Star Bullet to defeat other enemies and destroy obstacles, or Kirby can swallow the inhaled object to remove it from the equation. However, when swallowing an enemy, Kirby does not gain any new ability, as his trademark Copy Ability would not be part of his toolkit until the next game: Kirby's Adventure. Kirby's Dream Land also features a score tally, which increases by defeating enemies, or even just breaking Star Blocks. Like many other video games, the score has no direct effect on the gameplay, nor is it saved in any sort of high-score table.

Tales of Star Dream ~ Spring Breeze is a remake of Kirby's Dream Land which adds new playable characters, quality of life features, two new gamemodes, a secret boss, and much more.

Unlike in the original game, the player's save file now has meta-progression and they're expected to beat every gamemode to get a 100% file completion, and to beat them all with each character as an optional challenge. Beating a gamemode with a character gives them a little checkmark on the Character Select Screen.

Beating Main Game unlocks playable Meta Knight and two new gamemodes, being Extra Game and The Arena; and beating the Extra Game unlocks playable King Dedede and True Arena, which offers a new secret boss at the end. The new characters each have a new music track playing at their Boss and Final Boss challenges.